Build: Improving CMake performance for finding LibXC and ELPA (#3478)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: CMakeLists.txt

  set(ENABLE_LIBXC ON)
endif()
if(ENABLE_LIBXC)

> #  find_package(Libxc REQUIRED HINTS
> #    ${Libxc_DIR}/share/cmake/Libxc
> #    ${Libxc_DIR}/lib/cmake/Libxc
> #    ${Libxc_DIR}/lib64/cmake/Libxc
> #  )
>   find_package(Libxc REQUIRED)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # use `cmake/FindLibxc.cmake` to detect Libxc installation with `pkg-config`
  find_package(Libxc REQUIRED)
```
